  My wristwatch is broken it reads what my pastimes have cost me.
Grand Buffet
%
  It's on you, not on them, you should place your great demands.
Grand Buffet
%
  Anything that cannot be explained in one sentence is based on
  deception and lies.  Like the sentence before this one,
  about explanations.  And this one, about the government.
%
  If you do boring, stupid, monotonous work, chances are you'll end up
  boring, stupid and monotonous.
Bob Black
%
Registrar: What do you want?
Crawford:  I brought this lady down to register.
Registrar: (after giving the woman a card to fill out and sending her outside in the hall)  Why did you bring this lady down here?
Crawford:  Because she wants to be a first class citizen just like y'all.
Registrar: Who are you to bring people down to register.
Crawford:  It's my job.
Registrar: Suppose you get two bullets in your head right now?
Crawford:  I got to die anyhow.
Registrar: If I don't do it, I can get somebody else to do it. (No reply)
Registrar: Are you scared?
Crawford:  No.
Registrar: Suppose somebody came in that door and shoot you in the back of the head right now.  What would you do?
Crawford:  I couldn't do nothing.  If they shoot me in the back of the head there are people coming from all over the world.
Registrar: What people?
Crawford:  The people I work for.
%
  When you don't create things, you become defined by your
  tastes rather than ability. Your tastes only narrow &
  exclude people. So create.
_why
%
  No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Samuel Beckett
%
  Poverty is uncomfortable, but regret is excruciating.
%
  Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark, in the hopeless
  swamps of the approximate, the not-quite, the not-yet, the not-at-all. Do not
  let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you
  deserved, but have never been able to reach. Check your road and the nature
  of your battle. The world you desired can be won. It exists, it is real, it
  is possible, it is yours.
Ayn Rand
%
  And I shambled after them as I have been doing all my life after people who
  interest me, because the only people for me are the mad ones, mad to live,
  mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the
  ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn burn burn like
  fabulous roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars..."
Jack Kerouac
%
  Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do
  it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Howard Thurman
